howdy there internet people its bubble
again so today we're gonna talk about a
story that sounds like it's out of the
1950's but it's not there was no rock
around the clock playing Buddy Holly was
not on stage happenin rich County Utah
and is that a Valentine's Day dance
now there's two versions of Avensis
there often are in things like this the
student an 11 year old girl named aslan
says a young boy asked her to dance and
she said no and then the principal told
her that we don't say no here and made
her dance with him that's her version
the school said that nobody was forced
to do anything yet they do ask children
to say yes and that all a student has to
do is talk to them okay so those are the
two versions of events she said that the
young boy made her feel uncomfortable
for reasons that she has outlined her
her mother has outlined to the press I'm
not gonna repeat him here because
there's no way of knowing whether or not
that's true and to be honest the boys
not really to blame here all she had to
do was talk to the school she said no
that's the end of the conversation the
school does not have the authority to
give a boy the right to put his hands on
a girl there is no conversation to be
had there is no reason for a principal
to try to persuade or suggest or ask
that she say yes that is not part of the
curriculum things like this leave boys
with the idea that they are entitled to
something and that's the reason for the
policy
that they don't want anybody left out
their feelings in regards to this don't
grant them access to somebody else's
body
this is why they feel entitled now at
the end of the day the school said they
will have a policy review there's no
need for that this just needs to go away
there's no conversation to be had
she said no now the upsetting part about
this is that this is the last dance of
the year
for them which means they're probably
not going to do anything unless there's
some kind of pressure put on them
because they have no reason to it'll all
be forgotten over the summer until it
happens again and again and understand
the school is liable for this this is
the policy the policy is to grant young
boys access to young girls bodies that's
the policy well to ask that it's okay
even after according her she said no she
doesn't have to give a reason she
doesn't have to explain herself she
doesn't have to talk to the
administration she said no this is a
really simple concept consent is is a
very basic premise of society if you're
not teaching that what can you possibly
be teaching at this school anyway it's
just the thought y'all have a good night